d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\AspnetIdentitySample.dll.config
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\AspnetIdentitySample.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\AspnetIdentitySample.pdb
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Owin.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManagerClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\AspnetIdentitySample.dll
d:\Repository\Sandbox\Production issue simulation\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\AspnetIdentitySample.pdb
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManagerClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.dll.config
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.pdb
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManager.dll
D:\Projects\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManager.pdb
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.dll.config
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.pdb
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Owin.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManagerClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManager.dll
D:\data\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManager.pdb
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.dll.config
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\ToDoManager.pdb
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManagerClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManager.dll
D:\Vitali_Pantsialei\ToDoManagerClient\ToDoManagerClient\AspnetIdentitySample\obj\Debug\ToDoManager.pdb
